added dockerfile for ocis deployment (#91)
JankariTech/web-app-presentation-viewer: README.md

   Apps directory is set using the `WEB_ASSET_APPS_PATH` environment variable.

### App Installation With [oCIS Deployment](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/tree/master/deployments/examples/ocis_full)

1. Copy [`deployments/mdpresentation-viewer.yaml`](./deployments/mdpresentation-viewer.yaml) into the [web_extensions](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/tree/master/deployments/examples/ocis_full/web_extension)
subfolder of oCIS full deployment example.
2. Add `MDVIEWER=:web_extensions/mdpresentation-viewer.yml` to the `## oCIS Web Extensions ##` section of the `.env` file of your installation (file is located in `deployments/examples/ocis_full`).\ Add that variable in the `COMPOSE_FILE` variable at the last line.
3. Run `docker compose up` to run oCIS with the extensions
    oCIS URL: [ocis.owncloud.test](https://ocis.owncloud.test)

>     See the [docs](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/tree/master/deployments/examples/ocis_full).

Reviewer: please, format these new changes.

   Apps directory is set using the `WEB_ASSET_APPS_PATH` environment variable.

> ### Installating Md-Viewer to the oCIS Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### App Installation With [oCIS Deployment](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/tree/master/deployments/examples/ocis_full)
```

> 1. Navigate to the `deployments/examples/ocis_full/web_extensions` folder of your installation and copy [`mdviewer.yml`] into the [`web_extensions`](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/tree/master/deployments/examples/ocis_full/web_extensions) subfolder.

Reviewer 2: make sure that the file name and path here matches with the actual name of the file

> 2. Add `MDVIEWER=:web_extensions/mdviewer.yml` to the `## oCIS Web Extensions ##` section of the `.env` file of your installation (file is located in `deployments/examples/ocis_full`).\ Add that variable in the `COMPOSE_FILE` variable at the last line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Append `:web_extensions/mdpresentation-viewer.yaml` to `COMPISE_FILE` variable in the [`.env`](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/tree/master/deployments/examples/ocis_full/.env)
    ```env
    COMPOSE_FILE=docker-compose.yml${...}:web_extensions/mdpresentation-viewer.yaml
    ```
```

Reviewer 2: It's possible to do it this way without defining a variable for `MDVIEWER` (or MDPRESENTATIONVIEWER), but I would recommend to do it in the same way as the other extensions are added. Although this means one more line of code, it's a bit less risky that someone messes up with the syntax.

> 3. Run `docker compose up` to run the extension with oCIS
>   oCIS URL: [ocis.owncloud.test](https://ocis.owncloud.test)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run `docker compose up` to run oCIS with the extensions

    oCIS URL: [ocis.owncloud.test](https://ocis.owncloud.test)
    See the [docs](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/tree/master/deployments/examples/ocis_full).
```

   Apps directory is set using the `WEB_ASSET_APPS_PATH` environment variable.

### App Installation With [oCIS Deployment](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/tree/master/deployments/examples/ocis_full)

> 1. Copy [`deployments/mdpresentation-viewer.yml`](./deployments/mdpresentation-viewer.yml) into the [web_extensions](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/tree/master/deployments/examples/ocis_full/web_extension)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy [`deployments/mdpresentation-viewer.yml`](./deployments/mdpresentation-viewer.yml) into the [web_extensions](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/tree/master/deployments/examples/ocis_full/web_extensions)
```

> 1. Copy [`deployments/mdpresentation-viewer.yaml`](./deployments/mdpresentation-viewer.yaml) into the [web_extensions](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/tree/master/deployments/examples/ocis_full/web_extension)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Copy [`deployments/mdpresentation-viewer.yml`](./deployments/mdpresentation-viewer.yml) into the [web_extensions](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/tree/master/deployments/examples/ocis_full/web_extension)
```

subfolder of oCIS full deployment example.

> 2. Add `MDVIEWER=:web_extensions/mdpresentation-viewer.yml` to the `## oCIS Web Extensions ##` section of the `.env` file of your installation (file is located in `deployments/examples/ocis_full`).\ Add that variable in the `COMPOSE_FILE` variable at the last line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add `MDVIEWER=:web_extensions/mdpresentation-viewer.yml` to the `## oCIS Web Extensions ##` section of the `.env` file of your installation (file is located in `deployments/examples/ocis_full`) and append it to the `COMPOSE_FILE` variable.
    ```env
    ## oCIS Web Extensions ##
    MDPRESENTATION_VIEWER=:web_extensions/mdpresentation-viewer.yml
    
    COMPOSE_FILE=docker-compose.yml${...}${MDPRESENTATION_VIEWER}
    ```
```

> 2. Add `MDVIEWER=:web_extensions/mdpresentation-viewer.yml` to the `## oCIS Web Extensions ##` section of the `.env` file of your installation (file is located in `deployments/examples/ocis_full`).\ Add that variable in the `COMPOSE_FILE` variable at the last line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add `MDPRESENTATION_VIEWER=:web_extensions/mdpresentation-viewer.yml` to the `## oCIS Web Extensions ##` section of the `.env` file of your installation (file is located in `deployments/examples/ocis_full`).\ Add that variable in the `COMPOSE_FILE` variable at the last line.
```

Reviewer 2: I think the suggestion [above](https://github.com/JankariTech/web-app-presentation-viewer/pull/91/files#r1872547976) is clearer

> 3. Run `docker compose up` to run oCIS with the extensions
> oCIS URL: [ocis.owncloud.test](https://ocis.owncloud.test)
> See the [docs](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/tree/master/deployments/examples/ocis_full).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run `docker compose up` to run oCIS with the extensions

    oCIS URL: [ocis.owncloud.test](https://ocis.owncloud.test)
    See the [docs](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/tree/master/deployments/examples/ocis_full).
```

```

oCIS URL: [localhost:9200](https://localhost:9200)

### Adding Md-Viewer to the oCIS Deployment Example

1. Navigate to the `deployments/examples/ocis_full/web_extensions` folder of your installation and copy [`mdviewer.yml`] into the [`web_extensions`](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/tree/master/deployments/examples/ocis_full/web_extensions) subfolder.

2. Add `MDVIEWER=:web_extensions/mdviewer.yml` to the `## oCIS Web Extensions ##` section of the `.env` file of your installation (file is located in `deployments/examples/ocis_full`).\ Add that variable in the `COMPOSE_FILE` variable at the last line.

>  3. Run `docker compose up` to run the extension with oCIS

Reviewer 2: This is an alternative way for app installation, not development. I think this should either be a subpoint in the section "App Installation" or be an independent point, but not nested into the development section
